Docs: Paste as plain text plugin in Clipboard guide (#66)
ckeditor/ckeditor5-clipboard: docs/framework/guides/deep-dive/clipboard.md

}, { priority: 'lowest' } );
```

> ### Paste as plain text plugin example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Paste as plain text plugin example

```

You can use knowledge from previous sections to create a full plugin which will allow users to paste the content as plain text while the feature is toggled on.

> If you're not familiar with creating plugins in CKEditor 5, we'd advise starting from reading {@link framework/guides/creating-simple-plugin Creating a simple plugin} guide to get a better understanding of what's going on in the code below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you're not familiar with creating plugins in CKEditor 5, we'd advise starting from reading {@link framework/guides/creating-simple-plugin Creating a simple plugin} guide to get a better understanding of what's going on in the code below.
```

				return;
			}

			const dataTransfer = data.dataTransfer;
			let content = plainTextToHtml( dataTransfer.getData( 'text/plain' ) );
			content = clipboardPlugin._htmlDataProcessor.toView( content );
			clipboardPlugin.fire( 'inputTransformation', { content, dataTransfer } );
			editingView.scrollToTheSelection();

			evt.stop();
		} );
	}
};

class PastePlainTextUI extends Plugin {
	init() {
		const editor = this.editor;

		editor.ui.componentFactory.add( 'pastePlainText', locale => {
			const view = new ButtonView( locale );
			const command = editor.commands.get( 'pastePlainText' );

			view.set( {
				label: 'Paste as plain text',
				withText: true,
				tooltip: true,
				isToggleable: true
			} );

			// Callback executed once the button is clicked.
			view.on( 'execute', () => {
				editor.execute( 'pastePlainText' );
			} );

			view.bind( 'isOn', 'isEnabled' ).to( command, 'value', 'isEnabled' );

			return view;
		} );
	}
};

class PastePlainTextCommand extends Command {
	refresh() {
		// Disable the command if the editor is in read-only mode.
		this.isEnabled = !this.editor.isReadOnly;
	}

	execute() {
		// Activate pasting plain text.
		this.value = !this.value;

> 		this.editor.set( 'pastePlainText', this.value );

Reviewer: Is this needed? We can read the command's value in the paste listener.

	}
}

ClassicEditor
	.create( document.querySelector( '#editor' ), {

> 		extraPlugins: [ PastePlainText ],

Reviewer: Such a plugin cannot be actually loaded via `extraPlugins`. It must be part of a build/editor setup. In feature guides we use a bit different notation with `plugins: [ Foo, ... ]` (same for the toolbar). It'd make sense here too.

}, { priority: 'lowest' } );
```

### Paste as plain text plugin example

You can use knowledge from previous sections to create a full plugin which will allow users to paste the content as plain text while the feature is toggled on.

> If you're not familiar with creating plugins in CKEditor 5, we'd advise starting from reading {@link framework/guides/creating-simple-plugin Creating a simple plugin} guide to get a better understanding of what's going on in the code below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not familiar with creating plugins in CKEditor 5, we would advise starting from reading {@link framework/guides/creating-simple-plugin Creating a simple plugin} guide to get a better understanding of what's going on in the code below.
```
